## ***To measure the effect of iodine (sourced from Laminaria Digitata) on the effectiveness of levothyroxine-sodium on the rate of digestion of proteins (sourced from albumin) using ninhydrin colourimetry:***
## The chemicals used are ninhydrin solution, endopeptidase (pepsin), 1 molar hydrochloric acid (HCl) and albumin. The apparatus used involve conical flask (×), graduated cylinder (×), x ml beaker(s) (×), pipettes, temperature bath (water bath), thermometer, stirring rods (glass rods), balance and spectrophotometer.
## Add 500ml of water in a beaker (A), and create a 100gL albumin mixture by dissolving 5g of albumin protein in 500ml of distilled water. In beaker (B) add 500ml of water in a beaker, and create a 5gL pepsin solution by dissolving 0.5g of pepsin solution in 500ml of water. There are two enzymes that facilitate protein digestion, (1) trypsin and (2) pepsin. The reason pepsin is used is that pepsin is an enzyme that works in the stomach, and is stomach acid, making it easier to replicate the conditions within the stomach (low pH), while trypsin is a pancreatic enzyme acting in the small interesting (at a higher pH).
## 50 ml of albumin solution in beaker A and 50ml of pepsin solution in beaker B were taken in a 250ml conical flask (A1). 10 ml of 1 molar HCl was introduced to sustainably reduce the pH for the activity of pepsin.
## To prepare the seaweed solution, 5g of *Laminaria Digitata* (*L. Digitata* or Kombu kelp) seaweed powder, sourced by Lazada was added to 100ml of distilled water in a beaker (C) to create a 5% seaweed solution. This is repeated for 15%, 25%, 35% and 50% seaweed solution created individually in beakers (D, E, F, G).
## To prepare thyroxine solution, a constant bulk solution was created by measuring 1000ml (1l) of water in a volumetric flask, and adding 150mcg of levothyroxine-sodium in the flask.
## 50ml of levothyroxine-sodium was added to conical flask (A1). The conical flask is sealed with aluminium foil and parafilm and incubated at 37ºC for 1hour.
## Every 4 minutes a ninhydrin colourimetric test is done to give a range of 15 values. To prepare the ninhydrin solution, 0.35g of ninhydrin is added to 100ml of ethanol in a beaker (H). Cover the beaker with parafilm to prevent the evaporation of ethanol. 1ml of this ninhydrin solution is added to 5ml of the levothyroxine-sodium, albumin and seaweed solution before colourimetric analysis. The colour change from yellow to a deep purple (suggesting the presence of amino acids) at a wavelength of 570nm is what will allow us to measure the rate of digestion.
## For this procedure, the concentration of albumin and pepsin are kept constant to test the effect of iodine (sourced from *Laminaria Digitata*) in isolation. To support this, the albumin and pepsin are created in bulk. Additional activators (molecules that bind to enzymes and increase their activity) are not added, as that would not allow us to test the effect of iodine in isolation, resulting in an error. Further, the pH and temperature of the solution are kept constant as the enzyme are pH and temperature-sensitive. The pH is kept low using 1 molar HCl and the temperature is kept constant using an incubator.
## Figuring out enthalpy,
