---
title: Script
tags:
---

## Before I start, I would like to thank Waxdale
## Good evening Ladies and gentlemen. I am extremely proud to present our pitch for our brainchild — CrashBoards International, which is a social enterprise co-founded by myself — Yash Agrawal — Adithya, and Ayush.  So on the slide right now you see what we aim to cover in the next 10 - 15 minutes.
## I want to start off by a bit of a personal anecdote for you guys, I had once signed up for an online tutoring service, where I realised the skills we can acquire from high-quality peer-peer learning. Why is this anecdote important? Well, this is the realisation from which the idea of CrashBoards International was born, intended to provide pocket-friendly short-duration intense crash courses powered by students and ex-students. This quite conveniently also support our two goals which are: (1) beneficial, impactful and sustainable peer-to-peer learning and, (2) providing a source of income to students.
## Modelled around efficiency and flexibility CrashBoards International will offer an entire breadth of 24 subjects across two internationally recognised boards to start off with, the IGCSE and the IBDP (full forms can come up on the slide). Our business structure offers this paid service for SG$20 - 40 per day, per student. For comparison ladies and gentlemen, our daily cost is half, the hourly cost of professional tutors. How do we do it? Well, we will explain that shortly. As for the subjects, we offer a wide range of sciences and humanities including the study of economics, business, computers, the whole deal.
## Panelists, our sessions would occur virtually during the months of June and December, aimed at students giving their board exams in the next 5-6 months. Inventivly, the IGCSE branch of CrashBoards named CrashIGCSE, and the IBDP branch of CrashBoards will be CrashBacculureate. We have designed our business model to facilitate the perfect online collaboration of tutors and students worldwide who require a quick revision or guidance to boost their scores in a short span of time during their summer or winter breaks. Please do note, we do not offer our courses to teach students. Instead our courses rigorously assess and challenge the existing knowledge of student. We aim to do this through a series of question papers, quizzes the whole deal. We obviously also cover the 'challenging topics', but theoretical knowledge is given second priority in comparison to practical application of the concept.
## At CrashBoards we understand that every teacher has his/her own style of imparting knowledge, and CrashBoards beliefs that it would be waste of such talent to push an educator to complete his/her teaching in a set time frame. Keeping respect of this very fact, the duration of each subject within a course will vary and will depend on the tutor. The tutor will have to consolidate all the high scoring, tough and conceptual topics to 3 hours a day for a duration of 16 to 22 working days, or a maximum 30 days. We belief that 3 hours every day except for a Sunday, with a 10-minute break at the midpoint, is extremely manageable and beneficial for both students and educators. As I said, our tutors are mainly students who do not pursue teaching professionally. Now, 30 days for a single course taught by a student... that's an overstretch, but we combat this challenge by offering financial incentives to our tutors. I will elaborate on this later. The matter of fact dear pallenists is that actual students have greater connect and knowledge of the course and subject they are teaching as they are the ones who have given the exam. We at CrashBoards believe that no teacher can match that level of intimacy that a student experiences with an exam. (2) During my time tutoring, I realised that teaching is more than just a service. It involves more physical, mental contribution, but once rewarded for this contribution, there is greater, mind you greater, incentive, purpose and will to teach, serve and contribute to the society. As for recruiting tutors, they will be handpicked after an online application form and an interview.
## *Before we move on the pricing, do have a look at our consolidated SWOT analysis. My apologies, this is the only content heavy slide in our entire presentation.*
## Each branch of CrashBoards International will have its own website. The reason is to minimise the various options we are giving the consumer. Ok, sir, let me now elaborate on a bit of our timeline, pricing and revenue. The websites mark the commencement of this venture and we are planning to do so at the start of October. Student and tutor registrations also begin around that time. The actual tutoring session is planned to commence on 10th December 2020. Our strength in terms of financial support is that we do not need any initial investment of money. Instead. we need a lot of investment in terms of manpower and time.
## With a mere 10% commission from tutors, 90% of the revenue will be redistributed to tutors in exchange for their services and give them some financial incentive to stay with us! Given our forecast, SG$38,164.50 will be allocated to the educators for redistribution. The more students they cater to, the higher this allocated sum becomes. We predict to cater to 73 students through our 1st year of operations, earning gross revenue of SG$42,405 and net revenue of SG$4,240.50. Staggering figures to say the least! But, when it comes to the cost of registering the baseline cost to our consumers ranges from a minimum SG$320 to a maximum of SG$600 per student. That is my eyes, is the best service for the best possible price tag if social welfare can be valued based on price. How did we get these figures? (9) (10) Well, we dedicated two slides to exactly showing you how!
## As for promotions and marketing will be done via social media platforms (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, the usual) and via a podcast, we will be launching soon titled CrashTalks.
## In the future, we wish to pursue research in the future while teaching other national and international courses and also offering crash-courses on entry-level exams and admissions.
## As you must have realised by now, our business in its entirety is optimised and enabled by technology. In fact, for all, the facets of CrashBoards, we need websites, and hence, we need you! An idea is an idea until action is taken. We need your aid to bring this idea into reality and lay down its building blocks. Furthermore, as we are reaching out to the community for assistance with regard to manpower, we feel that it is only right that we give back to the community. 1. We generate employment. We provide an unseen opportunity for our tutors to diversify their skill and earn an income while studying in their universities. 2. Our complete online presence aids our battle to save mother earth. Having our service completely online, we are playing a role in preventing environmental exploitation as the resources provided are in digital form. In addition, by having students at home our direct energy consumption and pollution levels will be near to 0. In short, we believe that we are introducing a revolution in learning, alongside offering a great opportunity for individuals to upgrade their skills and add to their CV.
## I think by this time we have given adequate information about our project, along with multiple reasons for us to deserve your support. With those words, the entire team of CrashBoards International - myself, Yash, Adithya and Ayush Thank you for listening to us patiently.
