# Aug 1st, 2020
# Aug 2nd, 2020
# Aug 3rd, 2020
# Aug 4th, 2020
# Aug 5th, 2020
# Aug 6th, 2020
# Aug 7th, 2020
# Aug 8th, 2020
# Aug 9th, 2020
## 18:00 - Watched fireworks like an absolute child
## 18:30 - Worked on [[Biology Internal Assessment]]
### DONE Send in document to Sutha Ma'am
## 20:41 - Worked on MVP A for [[Extended Essay]] [[Procedure]]
## CANCELED Expecting YPD Broth to come by [[Aug 17th, 2020]]
## Supriyo Uncle class [[Aug 10th, 2020]] at 7am
# Aug 10th, 2020
## I personally really want to get the FFA analysis to work. I need to get it. I need it.
## [[Create]]
### [[Extended Essay]] [[Procedure]]
#### DONE Control procedure
#### DONE Lipid metabolism complete procedure (How to measure extent of lypolysis)
#### DONE Carbohydrate metabolism procedure
#### DONE Add research question
#### DONE Add to gdocs.
#### DONE Finalise procedure
#### TODO Print EE out for review
### [[Biology Internal Assessment]]
#### TODO Complete data
#### TODO The scientific explanation
#### TODO Compare hypothesis
### [[Extended Essay]] Chemical availability
#### DONE Litmus cream **DON'T HAVE**
#### DONE Pancreatin **DON'T HAVE**
#### DONE Bile salts
### DONE Math Learnings
### Today I applied for [[Financial Transistor Internship]] for which I got invited for an interview.
## [[Connect]]
### [[TOK]] call with [[Aadit]] at 2pm
### Ask [[Suchandra Ma'am]]
#### DONE Slide symbols to become big - slide 7
#### DONE Ask [[Suchandra Ma'am]] for emoji and expression stuff [[Aug 11th, 2020]]
#### DONE Add in picture an in evidence for the secondary RLS
### [[CrashBoards x Waxdale Pitch]] at 7 or 8pm
## [[Consume]]
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
## [[Consolidate]]
# Aug 11th, 2020
## [[Morning Pages]]
### Today I feel stressed. I am having a one of a kind battle between quality and quantity. My communication with Sutha Ma'am does not seem to be hitting where it's supposed to, and my entire curriculum is spiralling down. But I refuse to give up, I promise to mend my ways. Let's do this lad, you can do it. If you can initiate and build a business empire in 3 months, baby, you can do what you want to in life. Rest assured, mend your ways, and keep moving forward.
### As I said, there is a conflict between time and quantity. All of this takes time, and there is no way that I will be able to do another EE if this fails.
### Further in the day I got an interview for [[Financial Transistor Internship]], and guess what, I fucking got selected!
## [[Create]]
### [[Extended Essay]] [[Procedure]]
#### DONE Check if you have covered test-tube(s)/conical flask with parafilm and aluminium during protein lysis (or something like that)
#### TODO Work on hypothesis
### [[TOK]] Presentation
### TODO Add something to [[📅 Resonance Calendar]]
### TODO Complete pending tasks
## [[Connect]]
### Had a quick chat with Yash Wath regarding the [[Financial Transistor Internship]]. It went decent, I think so!
## [[Consume]]
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
## [[Consolidate]]
# Aug 12th, 2020
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy.
## [[Morning Pages]]
## [[Create]]
## - You can only put things into the create list after you have done something,
## with the exception of todo(s) lists
### [[Extended Essay]]
#### DONE Add temperature and pH analysis
#### DONE Put [[Carbohydrate Investigation]] first
#### DONE Change time from 4 to 5 or 10 mins
### Some pointers
#### Stock solutions created to minimise error
## [[Connect]]
### [[TOK]] call with [[Aadit]] in the biology and ess periods [[Aug 13th, 2020]] .
## [[Consume]]
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
## [[Consolidate]]
# Aug 13th, 2020
## Your daily reminder - Don't ignore your dreams; work as hard you can; say what you can; cultivate friendships; be happy.
## [[Morning Pages]]
## [[Create]]
## - You can only put things into the create list after you have done something, with the exception of todo(s) lists
### Studies
#### DONE Revise synthetic routes in chemistry
#### TODO Math homework from [[Supriyo Uncle]]
### [[TOK]]
#### TODO Work on presentation
#### DONE Note down the part Aadit has missing
##### Journey to KQ
##### Slides to import
###### DONE What is Facebook + CA
###### DONE Images
###### TODO Claim + Counterclaim sets
###### TODO Conclusions
###### TODO RLS 2
###### TODO Implications
###### DONE This slide is worth a lot
### [[Extended Essay]]
#### DONE Proper dependent and independent variables
#### DONE Rephrase the iodative amino acid part, "The control for the protein shit might..."
#### TODO Compare your essay with a written one and see what you don't have. If not nessacary, you can do it after meeting with [[Srivalli Ma'am]]  [[Aug 14th, 2020]]
#### TODO Send pdf copy of EE to [[Srivalli Ma'am]]
### [[Day 1 - Task 1]]
#### TODO Pre-lim research + get everything into logseq
### [[CrashBoards x Waxdale Pitch]]
#### TODO Complete the ppt for the pitch from [[Script]]
#### TODO Send PPT
## [[Connect]]
### DONE Ask [[Jaya Ma'am]] for YPD progeress
#### She said that it would come soon. I think I should return to her in a week's time on [[Aug 20th, 2020]] to ask her for the progress on it.
## [[Consume]]
### Listen to [[BOOK - Rich Dad Poor Dad]] on the way to school
## [[Cerebrate]]
## [[Coordinate]]
### Received [[Day 2 - Task 1]]
## [[Consolidate]]
# Aug 14th, 2020
## 3:40 - Wake up
### Thought that Friday was tomorrow and hence I could lay off doing [[Supriyo Uncle]] homework.
## 4:00 - Actually start doing some useful stuff.
## 4:46 - Stuggling with Math.
### The sums are complex, I can't get my brain to get around it.
## 5:35 - Struggling with understanding exchange rates
## 6:01 - Had my poo.
# Aug 15th, 2020
# Aug 16th, 2020
# Aug 17th, 2020
# Aug 18th, 2020
# Aug 19th, 2020
# Aug 20th, 2020
# Aug 21st, 2020
# Aug 22nd, 2020
# Aug 23rd, 2020
# Aug 24th, 2020
# Aug 25th, 2020
# Aug 26th, 2020
# Aug 27th, 2020
# Aug 28th, 2020
# Aug 29th, 2020
# Aug 30th, 2020
# Aug 31st, 2020